# PK_2023-02-05

## Scripture

### Ps 62:8

Trust in him at all times, O people; pour out your heart before him; God is a refuge for us.

### Eph 6:18

praying at all times in the Spirit, with all prayer and supplication. To that end, keep alert with all perseverance, making supplication for all the saints,

### Jude 1:20 NLT

But you, dear friends, must build each other up in your most holy faith, pray in the power of the Holy Spirit

###  Is 55:8, 40:28

For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, declares the Lord.

Have you not known? Have you not heard? The Lord is the everlasting God, the Creator of the ends of the earth. He does not faint or grow weary; his understanding is unsearchable.

### Ps 147:4,5

He determines the number of the stars; he gives to all of them their names. Great is our Lord, and abundant in power; his understanding is beyond measure.

### Ps 8:3,4

When I look at your heavens, the work of your fingers, the moon and the stars, which you have set in place, what is man that you are mindful of him, and the son of man that you care for him?

### Ps 146:6

who made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that is in them, who keeps faith forever;

### Eph 1:3-6

Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us in Christ with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places, even as he chose us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and blameless before him. In love he predestined us for adoption to himself as sons through Jesus Christ, according to the purpose of his will, to the praise of his glorious grace, with which he has blessed us in the Beloved.

### Matt 7:10b (start here) “…if you then, who are evil know…”
GT: correction, this is just Matt 7:11

If you then, who are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father who is in heaven give good things to those who ask him!

### Matt 19:26

But Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.”

### Transformation- Phil 1:6, Ps 139:23,24

And I am sure of this, that he who began a good work in you will bring it to completion at the day of Jesus Christ.

Search me, O God, and know my heart! Try me and know my thoughts! And see if there be any grievous way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting!

### Revelation- Jer 33:3, John 14:26

Call to me and I will answer you, and will tell you great and hidden things that you have not known.

But the Helper, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in my name, he will teach you all things and bring to your remembrance all that I have said to you.

### Provision- Ps 86:3-7, Eph 6:18-20

Be gracious to me, O Lord, for to you do I cry all the day. Gladden the soul of your servant, for to you, O Lord, do I lift up my soul. For you, O Lord, are good and forgiving, abounding in steadfast love to all who call upon you. Give ear, O Lord, to my prayer; listen to my plea for grace. In the day of my trouble I call upon you, for you answer me.

praying at all times in the Spirit, with all prayer and supplication. To that end, keep alert with all perseverance, making supplication for all the saints, and also for me, that words may be given to me in opening my mouth boldly to proclaim the mystery of the gospel, for which I am an ambassador in chains, that I may declare it boldly, as I ought to speak.

### Leonard Ravenhill

“At the judgement seat the most embarrassing thing the believer will face will be the smallness of his praying. Pray is the most unexplored area of the Christian life.”

### Rom 15:30

I appeal to you, brothers, by our Lord Jesus Christ and by the love of the Spirit, to strive together with me in your prayers to God on my behalf,

### 1 Tim 2:1

First of all, then, I urge that supplications, prayers, intercessions, and thanksgivings be made for all people,